This is a Bitcoin red alert and this is
not a drill as the Bitcoin price right
now is flirting with this orange line
which if lost could give us a massive
move all the way back down into the 60s.
I am going to be breaking down exactly
how I am planning to trade this. The
long trades that I am in as well as the
short trade that we are currently still
in from the setup given in the moment in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord from $81,700
on Sunday the 10th of May. So, make sure
to like, subscribe, and click the bell
because we're bringing you the juiciest
real TA updates here on YouTube. So,
what's happening right now with Bitcoin
is we are currently getting a back test,
a back test of a major support
resistance flip. That of course is the
value area high of this range that we
have been trading since the very end of
January, the very beginning of February.
Now, there are two scenarios here.
Scenario number one is this. We have
gotten for the first time during this
bare market and this is very significant
a break of the range to the upside in
previous ranges during this bare market.
What has happened every time is we get a
quick fake out of the highs and then we
dropped to make a new low and then we
got a quick fake out of the highs and
then we dropped to make a new low. Now,
for the first time, we are breaking out
of the highs of the range. And not only
that, we've held above for quite some
time. And so, what's potentially
happening now is a breakout and a back
test for some continuation. Something
else of note, we have broken out of this
trend line connecting the highs that we
have made one, two, three within this
bare market. Not only that, but we have
broken out and gotten a back test of
this trend line before continuing making
a higher high. So, you can see right
here how critical this area of support
is. Now, one last thing we need to keep
in mind here is this. If we take a look
at the Fibonacci golden pocket pull from
the high we made in January at 97,000 to
the low, you can see that we are
currently getting a rejection from the
Fibonacci 618, the golden pocket. So the
question right now given this data is
are we going to hold support and see a
higher high potentially up to 87 or
higher,000 Bitcoin or are we going to
lose this level? If we lose the $76,000
level, let's call it $75,000.
The probabilities are highest that we
make our way all the way back down to
the bottom of the range at $65,000.
However, if we get a bounce from here,
well, in my opinion, we will probably
see Bitcoin above $90,000 within the
next few months. This is a very key make
it or break it zone. So, let's look at
the chart and let's see what is actually
happening right now. Starting on our
weekly time frame, we have our first
warning sign that maybe this could be a
significant high. First of all, we are
potentially starting to form a top here
on the weekly market cipher B. Now, a
red dot on market cipher B on the weekly
time frame, regardless of whether we're
in a bull trend or a bare trend, gives
us a move to the downside. Now, the
second thing that's quite concerning
here is if you take a look at last
week's candle, which closed at about
77.3,
this is a bearish engulfing candle.
Very significant. We have not seen a
bearish engulfing candle on the chart
since this one in January, which led to
a breakdown and a new low. Before that,
we didn't see a bearish engulfing candle
on Bitcoin, man, for a really, really
long time, right? We have not seen one
in a very, very long time here. So, this
is a very significant candle close. It's
a very rare candle. It's a very bearish
candle. If we go to the daily time
frame, something else that is concerning
as the price is getting higher into that
key 618 Fibonacci, the momentum waves on
market cipher B are getting lower and
the money flow on market cipher B is
getting lower. This is called a bearish
divergence. It's also known as the
dreaded upside down uneven butt cheek
pattern where you can see here on the
left you have a very big juicy butt
cheek. But on the right you have a very
skinny butt cheek. That's also known
medically as a bearish divergence. And
when you have that on the daily time
frame, especially when the money flow
comes out, well, it can be a very
bearish signal. And so right now it's a
battle between the upside down uneven
butt sheet pattern and this value area
high of the range. If we start to close
a daily candle below this level. If we
are closing multiple daily candles below
this exact level, guys, the
probabilities are by far the highest
that a significant top has been put in
for Bitcoin and the probabilities once
again become the highest that we make
our way back down to the low of the
range. In this case, guys, it is going
to be between 64, and 67,600.
We have our Fibonacci golden pocket. We
have our point of control. We have our
value area low. we have our 76.
We are talking anywhere from a 10% to
potentially 16% drop to the downside
given the bearishness of the indicator
plus the bearishness of the price action
if we actually lose $67,000.
Now, seeing this bearishness form on
Sunday the 10th of May in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord, we took that short
trade from $81,800.
I told the community exactly when I was
taking that short trade, we had the
foresight to see these bearish signs and
now we're coming down to our target.
Now, if we look at the 4hour time frame,
are we seeing what we would want to see
down here? Are we seeing bullish
divergences? A bullish divergence looks
something like this. A big fat butt
cheek on the left and a very skinny butt
cheek on the right. Kind of like this
waitress at the diner. She comes out
with your coffee. She's spilling it all
over the place because the butt cheeks
are uneven. But you can clearly see the
candles coming down to this key support.
The butt cheeks clearly being uneven and
then boom, the price gets a rise to the
upside. Well, sadly here on the 4-hour
time frame, we are not. But there is a
silver lining. Oftent times in a very
powerful uptrend, the purple money flow
waves act as our support. I want you to
notice how over here we had a deep
purple
And then the next time we had a more
shallow purple. And then next time we
had a more shallow purple. And
potentially now as the purple is at the
zero line, this may be acting as our
support as we come to this key level.
Now as we come to the 1 hour time frame,
there is a ray of hope here. We are
seeing the money flow getting higher. We
are seeing momentum waves getting higher
over time. 1 2 3 four five butt cheeks
here. This is called the uh not the quad
that would be four. The kinchicular the
quinticular formation. Five butt cheeks
in a row. As we go down to even lower
time frames, we are seeing intense
bullish divergences as the price is
coming here. And so this is a big make
it or break it zone which does present
us with a very nice opportunity to take
a long trade which is this. If the price
consolidates here, maybe dips below a
little bit and then comes back above
that area, we have ourselves a very
clear trade with a clear entry upon the
reclaim of the support, the stop loss
below wherever we wick down to. And
honestly, a new high targeting around
$83,000 at the very least potentially,
like I said, up towards $90,000.
potentially if we do hit $90,000 a 9:1
risk-reward ratio on average give or
take depending how low this wick comes.
However, on the other side of this, if
we are closing daily candles below this
level, this does provide us with a short
opportunity. If we dip below, we get the
back test we tried to reclaim but we
can't.
Now, of course, this could take days,
hours, but once we see that rejection,
this now gives us our entry, our stop
loss above that failed breakout, and
then our target down towards the PC or
even toward the VAL of the range, giving
us a very nice potential 56:1
risk-reward ratio. When you come to
these key levels on the chart, this is
where you need to plan and watch because
depending on what happens can give us a
really nice swing long or swing short.
We are either seeing a breakout and a
back test for a massive move up or this
whole thing is a failed breakout and we
have the opportunity to short back down
towards the bottom of the range
potentially a new low. But look, I don't
want to get that bearish during this
video. All right, guys. If you want to
join the Casper Crew VIP Discord where
we gave the dang long setup from the low
at $65,000, we gave the long setup from
$68,000. We made tens of thousands of
dollars giving these trades in the
moment, walking through the community
step by step, my decisions, my trades,
my take-profits, all that myself and
three other instructors. You can go to
Jason Caspertrading.com.
Also, if you want to trade Bitcoin,
altcoins, I am trading on Antarctic
decentralized exchange, blowoffin, and
KSEX. I have deals with these exchanges.
If you use my links, you get exclusive
VIP fees that are not available unless
you use my link. Links to all this in
the pin comment and description. That's
it for today's video, guys. May God
bless you all in the name of Jesus
Yeshua, the Messiah. I pray you and your
family are super blessed and I will see
everybody in the next video. Peace.